.TH TILESTACHE-COMPOSE 1 "Nov 10, 2010"
.SH NAME
tilestache-compose \- set a map coverage area
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tilestache-compose
.RI [ options ] " file" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the \fBtilestache-compose\fR command.
.PP
There are three ways to set a map coverage area.
.PP
1) Center, zoom, and dimensions: create a map of the specified size,
centered on a given geographical point at a given zoom level:
.PP
   tilestache-compose.py \-c config.json \-l layer-name \-d 800 800 \-n 37.8 \-122.3 \-z 11 out.jpg
.PP
2) Extent and dimensions: create a map of the specified size that
adequately covers the given geographical extent:
.PP
   tilestache-compose.py \-c config.json \-l layer-name \-d 800 800 \-e 36.9 \-123.5 38.9 \-121.2 out.png
.PP
3) Extent and zoom: create a map at the given zoom level that covers
the precise geographical extent, at whatever pixel size is necessary:
.PP
   tilestache-compose.py \-c config.json \-l layer-name \-e 36.9 \-123.5 38.9 \-121.2 \-z 9 out.jpg
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR \fIfile\fR
Path to configuration file.
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB\-\-layer\fR \fIlayer\fR
Layer name from configuration.
.TP
\fB-n\fR, \fB\-\-center\fR \fIlat lon\fR
Geographic center of map.
.TP
\fB-e\fR, \fB\-\-extent\fR \fIlat lon lat lon\fR
Geographic extent of map.
.TP
\fB-z\fR, \fB\-\-zoom\fR \fIlevel\fR
Zoom level.
.TP
\fB-d\fR, \fB\-\-dimensions\fR \fIwidth height\fR
Pixel width, height of output image.
.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Make a bunch of noise.
.TP
\fB-i\fR, \fB\-\-include-paths\fR \fIpaths\fR
Add the following colon-separated list of paths to Python's include path (aka sys.path)
.TP
\fB-x\fR, \fB\-\-ignore-cached\fR
Re-render every tile, whether it is in the cache already or not.
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show summary of options.
.SH AUTHOR
\fBTileStache\fR was written by Michal Migurski <mike@stamen.com>.
