.TH TILESTACHE-SEED 1 "Nov 10, 2010"
.SH NAME
tilestache-seed \- seed a single layer in your TileStache configuration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tilestache-seed
.RI [ options ] " zoom" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the \fBtilestache-seed\fR command.
.PP
\fBtilestache-seed\fR seeds a single layer in your TileStache configuration.
No images are returned, but TileStache ends up with a pre-filled cache.
Bounding box is given as a pair of lat/lon coordinates, e.g. "37.788
\-122.349 37.833 \-122.246". Output is a list of tile paths as they are
created.
.br
Configuration, BBox, and Layer options are required.
.SH REQUIRED OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR \fIfile\fR
Path to configuration file. \fBRequired\fR.
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB\-\-layer\fR \fIlayer\fR
Layer name from configuration. \fBRequired\fR.
.TP
\fB-b\fR, \fB\-\-bbox\fR \fIsouth\fR \fIwest\fR \fInorth\fR \fIeast\fR
Bounding box in floating point geographic coordinates. \fBRequired\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
\fB-p\fR, \fB\-\-padding\fR \fIpadding\fR
Extra margin of tiles to add around bounded area. Default value is 0 (no extra tiles).
.TP
\fB-e\fR, \fB\-\-extension\fR \fIextension\fR
Optional file type for rendered tiles. Default value is "png" for most image layers and some variety of JSON for Vector or Mapnik Grid providers.
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB\-\-progress-file\fR \fIfile\fR
Optional JSON progress file that gets written on each iteration, so you don't have to pay close attention.
.TP
.B \-q
Suppress chatty output, \-\-progress-file works well with this.
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-include-path
Add the following colon-separated list of paths to Python's include path (aka sys.path).
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-output-directory
Optional output directory for tiles, to override configured cache with the equivalent of:
    {"name": "Disk", "path": <output directory>, "dirs": "portable", "gzip": []}.

More information in http://tilestache.org/doc/#caches.
.TP
.B \-\-to\-mbtiles
Optional output file for tiles, will be created as an MBTiles 1.1 tileset. See http://mbtiles.org for more information.
.TP
.B \-\-from\-mbtiles
Optional input file for tiles, will be read as an MBTiles 1.1 tileset. See http://mbtiles.org for more information. Overrides --extension, --bbox and --padding (this may change).
.TP
.B \-\-to-s3
Optional output bucket for tiles, will be populated with tiles in a standard Z/X/Y layout. Three required arguments: AWS access-key, secret, and bucket name.
.TP
.B \-\-tile\-list
Optional file of tile coordinates, a simple text list of Z/X/Y coordinates. Overrides --bbox and --padding.
.TP
.B \-\-error\-list
Optional file of failed tile coordinates, a simple text list of Z/X/Y coordinates. If provided, failed tiles will be logged to this file instead of stopping tilestache-seed.
.TP
.B \-\-enable\-retries
If true this will cause tilestache-seed to retry failed tile renderings up to (3) times. Default value is False.
.TP
.B \-x, \-\-ignore-cached
Re-render every tile, whether it is in the cache already or not.
.TP
.B \-\-jsonp-callback
Add a JSONP callback for tiles with a json mime-type, causing "*.js" tiles to be written to the cache wrapped in the callback function. Ignored for non-JSON tiles.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR tilestache-render (1)
.SH AUTHOR
\fBTileStache\fR was written by Michal Migurski <mike@stamen.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by David Paleino <dapal@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
