.TH TILESTACHE-CLEAN 1 "Sep 23, 2012"
.SH NAME
tilestache\-clean \- clean tiles from a TileStache cache
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tilestache\-clean
.RI [ options ] " zoom" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the \fBtilestache\-clean\fR command.
.PP
\fBtilestache\-clean\fP is used to clean tiles from a TileStache cache.
.PP
Cleans a single layer in your TileStache configuration - no images are returned,
and TileStache ends up with an empty in selected areas cache. Bounding box is
given as a pair of lat/lon coordinates, e.g. "37.788 \-122.349 37.833 \-122.246".
Output is a list of tile paths as they are created.
.PP
The \fIzoom\fR option is a space separated list of zoom levels which will be
cleaned. e.g. 12 13 14 15 will clean zooms 12 through 15. Many shells allow you
to use {a..b} which will expand to a list of numbers a though to b.
\fBRequired.\fR
.SH REQUIRED OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR \fIfile\fR
Path to configuration file. \fBRequired.\fR
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB\-\-layer\fR \fIlayer\fR
Layer name from configuration. "ALL" is a special value that will clean all
layers in turn. If you have an actual layer named "ALL", use "ALL LAYERS"
instead. \fBRequired.\fR
.TP
\fB-b\fR, \fB\-\-bbox\fR \fIsouth west north east\fR
Bounding box in floating point geographic coordinates. \fBRequired.\fR
.SH OPTIONS
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
\fB-p\fR, \fB\-\-padding\fR \fIpadding\fR
Extra margin of tiles to add around bounded area.
Default value is 0 (no extra tiles).
.TP
\fB-e\fR, \fB\-\-extension\fR \fIextension\fR
Optional file type for rendered tiles. Default value is 'png'.
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB\-\-progress\-file\fR \fIfile\fR
Optional JSON progress file that gets written on each iteration, so you don't
have to pay close attention.
.TP
\fB-q\fR
Suppress chatty output, \-\-progress\-file works well with this.
.TP
\fB-i\fR, \fB\-\-include\-path\fR \fIpath\fR
Add the following colon-separated list of paths to Python's include path (aka
sys.path)
.TP
\fB\-\-tile\-list\fR \fIfile\fR
Optional file of tile coordinates, a simple text list of Z/X/Y coordinates.
Overrides \-\-bbox and \-\-padding.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR tilestache-seed (1)
.SH AUTHOR
\fBTileStache\fR was written by Michal Migurski <mike@stamen.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Andrew Harvey <andrew.harvey4@gmail.com>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).

